[Music]
this narrative is far more than mere
fiction it is the true story of the life
I was about to lead
how is she very ill dangerously oh she's
dead we're very sorry
I can easily recall people of strong
character mourning the too early for
sherry a little early
[Music]
and we've their memory come in for
McHugh into my life's journey
we're ruined like a castle - how can we
be ruined like a big castle
we keep him as a little pair it was a
joke I'm sorry I've been attempting to
learn gentleman's humor from a book
[Music]
is cause for a celebration
this is a remarkable day did you weigh
that
you maniac what an adventure we have had
huh hey what are you doing medicine
reviving you this is salad dressing is
it thank you
sorry what was your name Copperfield
Copperfield Copperfield mrs. crupp with
trophy of David Copperfield like a woman
very kind
[Music]